NOT FOR CITATION -- PROVENANCE ONLY. Raw Otter.ai transcript, unedited. The edited rendering is founders_voice/4318_answers_planck_zbw_and_walk_alpha_photon_charge_coupling.md (Patch 4318).

Thomas Abshier  0:20  
Monday, september 28, 1255 a.m. Topic today is alpha, the fine structure constant. The fine structure constant is a Coupling between electromagnetism and charge, and the relationship is one over 137, or. So the coupling, this constant, ends up creating pretty much all the electromagnetic phenomenon, Compton scattering, chemical bonds. So, as result of having an interaction between electromagnetism and charge, since all of the conscious points have charge associated with them, electromagnetism will interact With charge in a particular way, the question is: What is the method by which electromagnetism and charge interact on the grid point, conscious point, di bit level. One of the things we've been examining is that conscious points, when they move, such as in a current as electrons, that they create a DP arc, and the DP arc is where the Magnetic effect arises. So one of the coupling effects might be that whenever an electromagnetism wave region. Passes by a charge. collecting, interacting with the charge. So, in the electrom wave passes by a charge, there's going to be an E field and a B field. The E field is just The stretching effect of having a plus and minus charge, plus or minus charge, in a field. And if it's a dipole, it's going to stretch the dipole apart, which is essentially what an electromagnetic wave is is a region where the electromagnetism, where the electric field is traveling forward at the speed of light and plus and minus dipoles will be pulled apart. And so there's going to be a coupling on that level of electric fields Of a either a dipole or a single charge, a bare charge. The B field was the. Effect of the moving charge on a dipole. So, in effect, the B field is a type of information storage of movement. So while there's no actual ridge. that stores movement. The B field effect is essentially one which propagates through space, Causing dipole particles to form arcs, form DP arcs. So the advance of a E field region Will automatically have associated with it a B field, which is actually just a Differential movement of the plus and minus portions of the dipole particle. So actually, there is no B field. There is only the advancement of the electric field, and the advancement of the electric field produces an effect on the dipole particles. So we're really not looking at magnetic field. Coupling with the electric charge, we're actually only looking at electric field coupling with charge, and since electric fields travel at the speed of light in their forward propagation, in their volume Of charge orientation, and they cause the dipole particle C to align according to the direction of the. E field that is traveling through space. There will be a orientation along the. The axis of the E field. Effectively, the originating source for the electromagnetic wave is going to be. A orientation of charges due to the movement of charge. So, if a charge moved. Up and down because of a transit between a high energy and a low energy Electron orbital. That would produce A velocity that was orienting dipole particles. So that photon that was released from that electron orbital decay would have been, let's say, going from up to down, so it would be an up to down arrow, and the DP arcs that were formed because of that velocity of electron. That would be a repulsive to negative end of the DP and attractive to the positive end of the DP, causing a rotation. So, assuming that the collision with the Activated electron was at a certain angle by a a mass. And some energy would have been transferred to that electron orbital, And that would have been the velocity and the direction associated with that photon that was released. So there was a circular. Toroid that was created by the electron dropping between levels. So this toroidal structure that was causing particles to spin would the dipole particles to spin That same effect would be had by the forward motion of the. The electric field impressed on the dipole C as the Dipole C advances. Excuse me. As soon as the disturbance of the dipole C advances, so that. advance will have in it. So that all that needs

Thomas Abshier  32:26  
the triggering particle. So the holder needs to transpire is the E field is transiting. So the transit is a transit between a high and a low spot in the electron doesn't really matter where in the electron it was, only that there is movement, and there will be an absolute movement of And the activated electron. So there will be movement between top and bottom. For example, choosing a direction goes from up to a higher from a higher activation to a lower energy activation, lower energy level. The activation energy is the difference between the two. That amount of energy is then lost by the going from the high energy orbital to the lower energy orbital. But it was an electron, and it was traveling. It was moving. It was falling. It fell. Be had had a direction, and that direction was the direction that allowed the. Movement of the activated to the ground state orbital, and there was an E field difference between them. There was a higher electrostatic Potential out at the activated level, or should we say, there was it was going toward the higher electrostatic. Attraction. It'd show up in the. The field as a gradient, an SSV gradient. That would be felt at each point along the conscious point, along the conscious point's GP track. So the coupling between the. Electromagnetic field and the charged conscious point will be the amount of movement, which is basically current that flows associated with a particular strength, which should basically be intensity. How many units of h bar are going to be transmitted to each conscious point as it is moving due to the. Presence of the electromagnetic wave that passes by the dipole particle. or in this case, when it starts, it's how much Electromagnetic action is produced by the movement of the. Again, there is a movement of the. There's a potential energy difference, which is basically going to be related to h because it's the amount Of action, and it's the total amount of action associated with that quantum, and so that h bar over two quantum is going to be the amount of energy applied over a moment that will be available to the. Photon when it's released, so it's basically a. A packet of order amount of displacement that will be available to the dipole particle. No, available to the charge when it's coupled. The totality of the amount of energy available to the coupled charge will be the amount that is carried by the energetic quantum that was released. Very large Quantum will be released if there's a large gradient of attraction to the nucleus, so that quantum of Attraction will be Available and when it couples with a charge, for example, with a orbital electron, and it will be absorbed because of the collapse of the structure of the photonic volume, and that energy then will be transferred to the. Electron orbital, and it will then go into an activated state. So we had a cycle here: went from high energy electron to low energy orbital, and then photon. Photon then had a ground state orbital, and it had that amount of energy associated with that, which basically accelerated it up to the higher energetic orbital level, And that energy was then bent around the nucleus by the. Basically, the higher SSV absolute versus lower SSV absolute inner and outer, and caused it to bend into shape. This might have been just due to a. Charge gradient, but in some way the space was bent, and maybe it's a charge gradient bending of space. So the electron follows an isopotential and creates. Its own orbital shape based on. So I suspect this all, in some way, connects with the geometry of space and how space is. Communicating at a at the rate that it communicates, and so there will be a resonance which allows it to.

Thomas Abshier  57:19  
Concentrate its kinetic energy from the rotating dipoles of the photon, which were the rotating dipoles of the original Moving electron as it went from up to down, when it dropped from activated to ground state, you said DP arcs, so the DP arcs are conserved And turns it into a kinetic energy of the electron in its new activated orbital after it strikes the ground state orbital gives it more rotating dipole DP arc Propulsion drives the ground state electron allows it to carry the energetic quantum that was present in the photon, which had its origin in the transit of the Electron orbital shell drop.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
