Thomas Abshier  0:02  
September 17, 2026. The issue here is what happens to the 4d bit associated with the. The lattice, and the way that the GPs are arranged, and the way that the CPs move on them. The 4d lattice is. As an address, it is four elements long vector. Those four elements are three of them are spatial, and the fourth one is a four-dimensional space. All of them have a an integer add. or a decimal address to a given number of significant digits, which is the same thing as having an integer Address. The three dimensional are obvious in terms of what they mean in terms of the space spatial distance. Fourth dimension is commonly looked at as time, but we're going to choose this as being spatial, so there is a an address associated with each with the fourth dimension that allows it to have Tetrahedrons along its edges between each of the adjacent points. So the issue that we're confronting here is how that spatial lattice. Could be used as a metric. For the creation of chiral parody Mirror symmetry compliance with reality, and apparently it can. The question is how that has a relationship in a causal way to the. Physical expression of conscious point figure, Conscious point aggregations and structures. Perhaps the method of creating up and down and is to use the address as being even and odd. That's so difficult because there's movement. So the even an odd kind of location kind of idea seems unworkable because of its necessity to to move, but perhaps having only the evens located and having all the odds located, being only the position in an orbital that was pluses or minuses, ups or downs inside of the space, which was allowing only one position, one entity in that space. So perhaps the ups and downs. We're occupying the evens and odds, and a a third. Entry a third spin type in a space would not be allowed because the. Double occupancy superimposition would cause it to be in a ZBW type of oscillation, and hence be lose its attraction To the local environment and be pulled out of that fourth dimension, and a if both of them left, that would leave another local DP to fill that space, and when it was occupied, another one would be take its place, and so the. Extreme variability of the location of the orbital. Possibility would be seen because there would be the superimposition on the fourth dimension, and hence the lower. of the. The other half of the ZBW pair, after it was neutralized, would now be the new active orbital position placeholder CP. It would be the orbital entity. So each time there is a cancelation, there's the ZB. excursion and the remaining CP, the pair that wasn't involved in the ZBW superimposition would now be the New. New orbital dp. Excuse me, the new orbital. Cb, the new electron that's going around, for example, and around the nucleus. This brings up the issue of whether there's really a orbital DP around the electron. Is it possible that the orbital dp is actually An artifact. Associated with the orbiting of the electron. In other words, there's a DP arc set that is created around the motion of each BRCP, the minus ECP that's acting as the electron. So while an electron isolated might actually have a an orbital dp pair, while in the orbital capture, that dp may actually be a summation. Of the volume. So there's an effective orbital DP, and each of those would have their own four-dimensional odd evens. spin. So around the nucleus, we have a spin, an orbit associated with the minus ECP, and around the minus ECP we have the GP arcs, which are their own. Spin created by the motion of the minus ECP through the dipole. So the minus ECP with a DP surrounding it is the picture of a static electron, but the electron is actually always Moving through absolute space, so there's always going to be movement past the DPC. Hence, there's going to be the dipole arcs, the DP arcs, which will be essentially pairs of DPs, each of which have their own plus and minus nature and probably their own odd even location when they start spinning.

Thomas Abshier  21:10  
So ones are just polarized, probably just have a 3d and can have any plus or minus any value of the 40 odd even spectrum, but when they start spinning. They wouldn't have the same address, but they could have the same the same 4d address, which would essentially be along the plane. So that would be a one of them could be in the odd integers, and those on the even integers. So the rule would be that electrons in plus and minus ECPs have this. The 3d address, which is if it's linear, it can be the same same address. It's the same name. It's just simply a line in 40 space. But if it's orbiting, then it'll have to be movement on that plane. So this would relate to the W zero boson in that there is a bracelet configuration of the plus and minus ECPs and QCPs that form the W zero boson. Each of them essentially is in a W is in a ZBW relationship with all of its neighbors. The ones on the inside of the QCPs are going to have a four-way relationship. Two QCPs that they will oscillate with, and two ECPs that they'll oscillate with. No, I have two, three QCP relation oscillations and one ECP oscillation. Amazing. So those will share line relationships with each of the ones that they're oscillating with, so that would be on the fourth dimension. They'll be oscillating with those, and each having their plus and minus relationship. Causing them to have a ZVW oscillation. Correction: W zero is 12 HDPs, half HDPAs and half HDP B's, and so each of them will have a ZBW relationship with two of their own kind, so the plus and minus QCPs will have an oscillating relationship. The ECPs will have an oscillating relationship with each other, but each of the QCPs and ECPs will have a oscillating relationship. So the relationship will probably be even, even between each of the ECPs and between each of the QCPs, but maybe it's odd Between the ECPs and QCPs, thus we're getting a cyclic type of handedness associated with the QCP and the ECP, and so we've got an ECP ECP having a linear relationship on the fourth dimension, we have a QCP QCP oscillatory relationship on the fourth dimension. A single a single value And the ECP QCP, if both of them are in a odd relationship, odd integer, fourth dimensional number that allows them to move along the fourth dimension. In a way that doesn't interfere and creates a essentially an orbital relationship between the two, somewhat analogous to the orbital relationship between the minus ECP and the nucleus of an atom.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
